Docs - Edit with Style Guide and Implement Diataxis (#807)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/contribute.md

- contribute
- discord
- GitHub
- reference
---
# Contribute to the Project

> **Thank you for thinking about contributing to the project! You can contribute in the following ways:**

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't roll smoothly. "Thank you for thinking" is a bit of a tongue twister and all and all it is a long chain-like structure.

Author: Can't say that I agree, but we can always rephrase it :)   @charlesthompson3, what do you think? 

btw, I think you mean all in all.

Reviewer 2: It has a lot of hard consonants, I'll give it that. But otherwise, not a reworkable offense. Maybe swap out one of the contributes for something else but if it takes more than six seconds to think about, I'd stick with new update.

Author: I'm drawing a blank, but if anyone has any suggestions please add them

Reviewer: Hmm. 

> Thank you for considering a contribution to this project. You can help it in the following ways:

I am not sure if the change is worth it, but at least it gets rid of -ing -ing.

Author: ```suggestion
**Thank you for considering a contribution to this project. You can help it in the following ways:**
```

## Join the IOTA Libraries Initiative

The [IOTA Libraries Initiative](https://github.com/iota-community/X-Team_IOTA_Libraries) is a collaborative effort to
help improve the developer experience. This includes:

- Quality assurance and review
- Documentation

> - Code samples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Quality assurance and review.
- Documentation.
- Code samples.
```

If you would like to get involved, join
the [#experience channel](https://discord.com/channels/397872799483428865/701857063923351582)
on [Discord](https://discord.iota.org).

## Contribute to the Project’s GitHub Repository

> All the code is open source and hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs) where you can:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the code is open source and hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs) where you can:
```

- [Report a bug](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=c-bug&template=bug_report.md&title=)
- [Suggest a new feature](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md)

> - [Contribute to the documentation](#contribute-to-the-documentation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Report a bug](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=c-bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).
- [Suggest a new feature](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md).
- [Contribute to the documentation](#contribute-to-the-documentation).
```
